refactor(docs): Updates Environment Variable docs (#300)
codeRIT/hackathon-manager: docs/deployment-environment-variables.md

title: Environment Variables
---

> Various services require environment variables to operate. While they may appear overwheling, this setup guide aims to alleviate some of the concern. It is recommended you start with the required variables and work through this guide so all are properly setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Various services require environment variables to operate. While they may appear overwhelming, this setup guide aims to alleviate some of the concern. 
```
I feel like the required/optional parts below are well laid out enough that we don't need to emphasize that

> Stuck on an environment variable? codeRIT is here to help! [Send us an email](mailto:engineering@coderit.org) with any questions.

## Required
**The following environment variables are required for HackathonManager to function.**

```bash
SECRET_KEY_BASE="<randomly generated string>"
DEVISE_SECRET_KEY="<randomly generated string>"
HM_DOMAIN_NAME="apply.example.com"
AWS_BUCKET="my-example-bucket"
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="<AWS access key ID>"
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="<AWS secret key>"
AWS_REGION="us-east-1"
SPARKPOST_API_KEY="<sparkpost api key>"
SPARKPOST_CAMPAIGN_ID="my-hackathon"
TIME_ZONE="America/New_York"
```

## Recommended
```bash

> MLH_KEY="my-mlh-application-id"

Reviewer: Not sure why this code block is here; seems more appropriate to move it under the `MyMLH` section below?

MLH_SECRET="my-mlh-secret"
ROLLBAR_ACCESS_TOKEN="<server-side rollbar token>"
```

_Also see [app.json](https://github.com/codeRIT/hackathon_manager/blob/master/app.json)_

> ### Secret keys

Reviewer: These should be up by `## Required` if they are required to run?

title: Environment Variables
---

Various services require environment variables to operate. While they may appear overwhelming, this setup guide aims to alleviate some of the concern. 

> Stuck on an environment variable? codeRIT is here to help! [Send us an email](mailto:engineering@coderit.org) with any questions.

## Required
**The following environment variables are required for HackathonManager to function.**

### Secret keys

```bash
SECRET_KEY_BASE="<randomly generated string>"
DEVISE_SECRET_KEY="<randomly generated string>"
```

> `SECRET_KEY_BASE` and `DEVISE_SECRET_KEY` are required for the app to run. You can generate secrets via `bundle exec rake secret`. This "secret" is a 64-byte hexadecimal string (128 characters). You could also generate this with `head -c 64 /dev/urandom | xxd -ps -c 128` if you are on a standard Linux distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate secrets via `bundle exec rake secret`. This "secret" is a 64-byte hexadecimal string (128 characters). You could also generate this with `head -c 64 /dev/urandom | xxd -ps -c 128` if you are on a standard Linux distribution.
```

Just to alleviate the redundancy as this is stated directly above this env var

HM_DOMAIN_PROTOCOL=""  # optional, https by default
```

This is needed to allow HackathonManager to send email on behalf of your hackathon's domain.

> ### Amazon S3 and Resumes

Reviewer: I appreciate adding "Amazon S3" vs just "S3"!

SMTP_STARTTLS_AUTO=""  # optional, "true" by default
```

### Time Zone

>HackathonManager will crash at startup if the time zone isn't valid.
>
>To find your appropriate time zone (e.g. `America/New_York`), see "TZ database name" on [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones)

```bash
TIME_ZONE="America/Los_Angeles"
```

By default, charts & timestamps will be in UTC.

> ## Optional

Reviewer: Maybe add `The following environment variables are optional` just to be consistent w/ the description under `##Required`?
